doc(release): Release notes OSS 25.10 nov2025 (web 25.10.3) (#4927)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-25.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 25.10.3

Release date: `December 23, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

> - [Install] is_encryption_ready is now a tinyint instead of an enum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Install] The is_encryption_ready column now has the correct data type to support poller encryption.
```
